[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> My name is Matias De Stefano.
And my purpose is to remember.
At a young age, I
began to remember
living in a colony of
the ancient civilization
of Atlantis.
Then I'd begun to remember
living on other planets,
in other star systems
and dimensions.
I started to understand
how everything I remember
has a purpose in my mission
here and now, to help reconnect
the network of consciousness
of planet Earth in a plan
that in Atlantis we called Ater
Tumti, bring heaven on Earth.
This mission began
with organizing
a gathering of thousands of
people to create that network.
This is my mission.
I hope it helps you find yours.
When the day of the
gathering arrived,
it was really heavy because
my mom and other friends
were organizing the
gathering for 400 people.
And we did all these
videos to invite the people
from the world.
But we had some problems.
Capilla del Monte was ruled
by a group of original people.
They hold the information
of the underground cities.
They wouldn't give
any permission
to any white person that
would come to the mountains
and say, I'm here to
work for this and that,
like we were trying to do.
So they were pushing us out.
They didn't want us to be
part of their information.
So we had to go
through many tests
that they gave us to heal
some spots in the region
so they could accept us
and allow us to go inside,
inside the mountains.
So when we did all
this process, they
allowed us to go
to the main portal
to a place called Ongamira.
And after all the stories that
we lived in that mountain,
I accomplished to sit in a
cave where I was able to see,
in the other side, how these
other beings were seated.
And we started to talk about
how the gathering would be.
They told me at what
times, which meditations,
what to do the first day,
what to do the second day
and third day.
They explained
all the logistics,
who we had to invite,
everything that we had to do.
So one of the things
that they said
was that this gathering
would be the 11th,
but the result of
all of this would
be the day 13, November 13.
They told me to choose
the darkest place
to do the gathering
of Capilla del Monte
because we needed to
prove that we could change
the energy of a place, that we
could really transform and work
together the darkness
and the light
and to make something different.
And what they said
was that the last day,
the four elements
would come and would
clean the energy of the place.
So the 11th, you
can do everything.
I guess that the
most important story
of what happened
during the organization
was that it's been many months
without water in that region.
It wasn't raining at all since
the beginning of the year.
And people was very concerned
because the gathering was
getting bigger and bigger,
and all these people
wouldn't have water.
And that same week, the 400
people gathering became 6,000.
Suddenly, 6,000 people
appeared from nowhere.
We have no idea from where
they came, so many people.
And from 23 different
countries, they
came to Capilla del Monte
because of the call.
They decided to ban
the gathering just
one day before it started.
So I went to the mountains,
and I spoke to these beings.
And I said, I'm here to
do whatever I have to do.
But this is too much.
I can't handle this.
I don't know what we have to do.
And the beings said,
we are the ones
that will take the garbage
out if it's necessary.
So don't worry about that.
You just keep organizing.
So we went back to
the main village
with this idea of,
the garbage away.
What does this mean?
So suddenly, the people
in charge of the garbage,
the city, they were in threat.
So garbage was all around,
and it was horrible,
a whole mess in the city.
And we went back
and did a ceremony
to make the cleanings in the
main square of the village.
And suddenly we heard gunshots.
And we run to the gun shots
to see where it was happening.
And the people that
were taking the garbage,
they broke the city hall.
And they took away the mayor.
So they signed the permission
to do the gathering.
So during the
gathering, 11/11/11,
there was no government.
And the people that
cleans the city
were the ones in charge
of the city hall.
And we were waiting for
the beginning of the 11/11.
Then the four elements start
to clean the whole city,
like a big wind that came and
went through all the city,
changing the energy of
the whole environment.
And suddenly, the sun's
setting in the mountains.
And the lightning that
burned the top of the hill,
setting fire in the mountain.
And then rain made it disappear,
and suddenly the stars.
So it was like a cleaning
through the four elements.
And suddenly, everything
was ready for the beginning
of that day.
So that day, in the morning, we
had these 6,000 people coming.
It was like if everyone arrived,
knowing what they have to do.
And the whole day was
kind of like magic.
>> [SPANISH SPEAKING]
>> They started to make
all these ceremonies
and the therapies and
chantings and all this music.
And in between, we
did these meditations
that were opening the portals.
And the whole day
was so special.
It was something organized
from other beings,
in another dimension.
And you could feel that.
>> (SINGING) [SPANISH SPEAKING]
>> [SPANISH SPEAKING]
>> And even the media
from Buenos Aires,
they came to film
what we were doing.
And they wanted me to explain
why so many people are
gathering for what I was
supposed to do that day,
to connect all the energies of
the country together in just
one moment, and all the people
from different countries
in a gathering that would take
us in the next level of work
that I had no idea
until the next day.
During the day 12,
many people have left.
But other 2,000 people, we were
doing worships and talkings
about the purpose of
why we were there,
the purpose of mainly South
America, why we decided
to be born in that region, what
was the goal in the future,
and why we were working with the
spiritual aspect of the region
and territory and the connection
with every province and country
that are in South
America, why we needed
to make all this reconnection
in order to allow a new time,
a new society to come.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
That day, I faint.
And suddenly, I went to a
meeting in the underground.
And I saw, like, this round
table with many beings,
with different shapes,
and me sitting there.
And they said, the
next step is to connect
the North and the South.
It's something that we
used to call Harwitum.
That was something that I
remember from this past life,
but that you have
to do it again.
You have to connect
the seven continents
and go through 40 countries,
51 spots, starting in Africa,
following Oceania, Asia, Europe,
North America, Central America,
South America, and Antarctica.
Where you have to deliver
keys in the specific
portals to open the
Kundalini of the world.
And they said, you have to
do that from February 7, 2012
until December 21, 2012.
That's the last day.
And you have to be in
Antarctica that day.
But they said, you accomplished
to open the portal in 11/11/11.
So this is why, tomorrow,
you will celebrate.
This is a celebration.
And because of what you
did, what you all did,
you will receive the blessing.
And I had no idea
what they were talking
about until the
next day when we,
the last people that stayed
in the gathering, we all
went together.
And one of the
beings from the city,
from the underground city,
started to talk through me.
And he or she was saying
that we have come here
to be like seats, to receive
the information from the skies
and to be grounded on the
Earth so we could create
this forest of consciousness.
She just rise her hands
to the skies and say,
don't be afraid to receive the
gift and when she pulled down,
it started to rain.
It was so much water that the
rivers, everything started
to fill in just one day.
All the people were
dancing under the water.
And the nature started
to be green again.
It was something so
incredible because nobody
was expecting rain that day.
It was supposed to be sunny.
When that happened, I knew so
that I had only three months
to start with this trip.
In just three months, I had
to take all the possible visas
to raise the money to bring four
people in 40 countries in only
six months.
And even to accomplish to get
to Antarctica in just one day.
And I had no idea how to do it.
I had no idea where
I was supposed to go.
They only say-- the only
thing that they said was,
you have to go to these regions.
I found three people
in Argentina and Peru
that were willing to
help me with money
to go to those places.
And someone in Capilla del
Monte made these keys in copper
to open the portals, while
these keys were, like,
the symbol of the trip.
They represented
every door that I
was supposed to be opening
in every chakra of the planet
and giving it to the Earth.
But also, I had to
make all the visas
in just one week, which
are really complicated
in Argentina.
But one of the
funny things of this
was that my guides told
me, again, don't lie.
When the ambassador
asked me, what are you
going to do in the States?
I just said, I'm going to
open a portal of the throat
chakra of the world.
And in order to do
that, I need to speak
with the water of
the three lakes
and then to the Grand Canyon.
And so he stared at me
like, are you kidding?
What are you saying?
And I was like, no,
that's the truth.
And who is going
to pay for that?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
So you don't have
money, and you say
you are going to work
with another dimension?
And I said, yes, basically,
that's the truth.
And the ambassador said,
I have no idea why,
but I will leave you to
go to the States anyway.
So in just one week, I got
all the visas of every country
that I needed, something
that was impossible to do.
And I began the trip
in the Canary Islands
because it was the main spot
from where the Atlanteans
started to wake their network.
So I went there because
the seven islands
represented the seven chakras.
So I did one island per day.
So in just one week, I
did the seven islands.
And I was kind of introducing
myself, like this is me.
This is my energy.
And I will go to this continent
so the energy would accept me
in every place I would go.
So we started to
go to South Africa,
to Adam's Calendar and all
the region in Johannesburg
and Waterval Boven,
the ancient main spots
of the first
connection of humanity.
And from there, New
Zealand to Australia
to Uluru, the great rock, to
anchor this energy of the most
ancient humans.
We started to travel
to all these places
to go to Lake Baikal.
[SPANISH SPEAKING]
And to go to Japan.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
And from there, Nepal.
And suddenly, I ran out of money
because we had no organization,
we had nothing.
I was just a kid,
traveling around the world.
People were following a
blog that I was writing.
And they said, we want to
give you money to keep going.
And suddenly, we had no idea
how, all the people started
to donate to my travel agency.
And I just knew that every day,
I had the new ticket to go.
But I had no idea from
where the money came from.
And this path started to
take me to the Middle East,
going to the ancient
pyramids in Egypt.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
During the trip, the
other three persons
that were traveling with
me, they had to go back.
And the whole America, from
Canada until Patagonia,
I was alone, by myself,
doing this trip.
And all this experience of going
and talking to the mountains,
it made a lot of sense.
In each country, there
were so many adventures.
But in each country,
also, I lost faith,
and I got frustrated.
And then I was rising again.
And suddenly what
I understood was
that my path was also showing
to the people their own path.
It was not just about going
and opening the portals
and to give the
keys to the world
so the portals of the energy
would be opening in the future.
But it felt more like all my
inner process and the stories
that I was leaving
were helping people
to understand what
I was going through
and what it was to
connect the world.
They were part of this.
So many of the people
started to travel
to create all this network.
Everyone was traveling around.
I never asked that.
But somehow, they started
to organize themselves
to do the meditations, to
share their own stories,
to make these groups.
And suddenly, we create
this network of Harwitum.
I was doing the
connection and meditation.
And from behind me, there
comes this native people
with an arrow and a bow and
another one with a sword
and other one with a gun.
And they kidnapped me.